# Changelog

## [0.18.1] - 2019-08-30

### Added

- Add format settings for property table.
- Add alert to data delete contex menu.

### Changed

- Change bulk calculation and add errors to the solutions.

### Fixed

- Correct some text in UI.
- Fix raw not find bug.
- Fix reference calculation bug.

## [0.18.0] - 2019-08-09

### Added

- Add contour plots.
- Add slove new property to save the time from solving all.
- Add D (dissipition from QCM-D) to calculated properties.  
- Add a simple function to mark data in linear or log.
 
### Changed

- Change code to that property calculation will not remove previous data. <span style="color:red">NOTE</span>: If you want to recalculate previous data, make sure use `slove all`.
- Change exported Excel file format. The columns with repeated data are combined.
- Change HOME button of data plots to show all & auto scale.  
- Change debuging to logger. 
- Change the name `settings_ini` to `config_default` for the basic settings.

### Fixed

- Fix data plot does not change limit after ZOOM OR PAN.
- Fix issues of peak tracking condition settings with constrained conditions didn't work. <span style="color:red">NOTE</span>: When `Fix center` is set, the peak may come of the scan range!
  
## [0.17.2] - 2019-07-05

### Added

- Add code to reset peak track mark in spectra plots before auto refitting peaks.

### Changed

- Change the mechanical column name of delf/delf_sn, delg/delf_sn. <span style="color:red">NOTE</span>: if you want the data of those two, you need to recalculate the data.

### Fixed

- Fix manual fit bug when no peak found.
- Fix bug when solving property of a single point data.

## [0.17.1] - 2019-06-19

### Added

- Add customized "extra wait time" for AccessMyVNA.

### Fixed

- Fix no "cal" path bug. TODO: Still needs to add the case no calibration file found.
- Fix manual peak fitting crashes when no peak is found.

## [0.17.0] - 2019-05-29

### Added

- Add spinBox for selecting index for displaying property in table.  
- Add sample description.
- Add scipy functions to peak factors guess.
- Add viscocity to property calculation.

### Changed

- Change data structure. Copy some keys in settings_init to settings_default to keep enough information of data collecting parameter.  
- Change the way to get display data from all harmonic together to by harmonics.
- Change multiple peak fitting to use separate data ranges. The range plotted in the figures are still a connected range.
- Change variable names with "rh", reference harmonics, to "refh". This resulted in exported excel file column names change.
- Change the data reference structure to make both channels use separated references in all conditions.
- Change mechanical calculation protocal. It is still in a testing version.
- Change recording interval set up method. All three factors (record interval, refresh resolution, scan interval) can be changed.

### Fixed

- Fix property of none calculated index value which is signed to value from other rows.  
- Fix harmonic setting items update bugs.

## [0.16.1] - 2019-03-14

### Added

- Add manual fitting report to UI
- Add export raw to right click menu in data plots.
- Add fix phi=0 for the conductance/sursceptance peak fitting.
- Add function that record data without fitting.

### Changed

- Change reference claculating strategy.
- Change property table colunms auto generated by max harmonic.

## [0.16.0] - 2019-02-27

### Added

- Add window state check before resize it.
- Add text fontsize to customize settings.
- Add calibration file check.
- Add error log function.
- Add key check to user settings (Add missed key from settings_default)

### Changed

- Change the harmonic related widgets to be generated by program. (Leave only the first manually added in UI.)
- Change the harmonic related widgets settings and loading methods.
- Change DataFrame filter to regex to read data from a given harmonic.
- Change the way import data from other software (e.g.: QCM-D) to make it possible to customize the format for import and applicable for different formats (QCM-D and QCM-Z).
- Change channel selection when the same analyzer channel selected.
- Hide reference time items to simplify the setup process. The reference time will always be the first time starting the experiment.
- Improve the peak tracking method.

### Fixed

- Fix the span setting failure when peak tracking failed.
- Fix temp lines deleting bug.
- Fix delete selected raw data bug when it doesn't exist.

## [0.15.3] - 2019-02-07

### Fixed

- Fix the manual refit mode turning on/off bugs.
- Fix indexing bug while picking single point from data with marks.
- Fix refit not updating bug.
- Fix devided peak not plotting bug.

## [0.15.2] - 2019-01-29

### Changed

- Change the peak tracking strategy. The changing setp sometimes might be too big.
- Change the saving protocol while testing. Save both raw and data after each data acquization.

### Fixed

- Fix the fitting range line bug when fitting is failed
  
## [0.15.1] - 2019-01-18

### Added

- Add setting frequency range to myVNA for display data in it, in case it is needed to check data out of Python program.
- Add base frequency check for property claculation in UI. Now, the base frequency set in UI will be used as f1 when first harmonic data is not collected.
- Add load calibration file when switch channel

### Fixed

- Fix program crashes when collecting data with VNA disconnected on Windows  
  
## [0.15.0] - 2019-01-15

### Added

- Add "CHANGELOG.md" file  
  
### Changed

### Fixed

### Removed